[docs] Update callout in Icons guide (#46700)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/icons.mdx

## `@expo/vector-icons`

> > **warning** `@expo/vector-icons` will be deprecated and is not recommended. [Learn more about migrating to `@react-native-vector-icons`](https://expo.fyi/migrating-from-expo-vector-icons).

Author: ```suggestion
> **warning** `@expo/vector-icons` will be deprecated and is not recommended. [Learn more about migrating to `@react-native-vector-icons`](https://expo.dev/blog/moving-away-from-expo-vector-icons).
```
